hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen before
the summer runs away from us I figured I
have to share with you my recipe for my
chicken kabobs I make these very often
in the hot summer months and this is
really the recipe that I get from my
mother and it's very much identical to
the way she makes it yeah except I've
got one X additional ingredient not so
I'll talk about in a minute you'll need
some chicken breasts these are about 6
ounce chicken breasts that I've cut into
about 2 inch pieces you want to make
sure that they're all relatively the
same size boneless and skinless I'm
going to limit in an orange which is my
addition and then I've got some rosemary
some garlic salt pepper olive oil and
just a teeny teeny teeny tiny bit of
honey as I said banana
I don't know who I'm gonna give me
Hannah frog tiny bit of honey really
couple teaspoons that's it but what the
honey does is caramelize
it's give almost like a sweet caramelize
a Shinto the chicken and it balances
this tart lemon with the the / sort of
really really sharp garlic it's a you
know marriage made in heaven I'd like to
add a tiny bit of orange dis only
because if I had a mayor lemon I
wouldn't in fact if you're going to use
on mayor lemon for this recipe don't use
the orange but because I don't have a
mayor lemon which is really a mixture
between a tangerine and the lemon I'm
gonna use a little bit of zest and a
little bit of juice of the orange just
to kind of make my own mixture I just
feel like it so anyway let's get started
we've got some garlic and I've got some
rosemary I'm gonna first of all get rid
of the skins and then I'm going to pile
my rosemary leaf that rosemary is really
strong so if you're not a fan I would
say substitute something like a my
parsley which is mild or you could use
thyme which was really well with the
lemon and garlic as well but rosemary
garlic very traditional very Italian
very what I'm used to so that's what I'm
using I'm going to just take whoops so
skin that's none come off there we go
I'm going to take my resume you're just
going to strip the leaves right off the
stem I don't want the stem the stem is
really tough
however when I was a child and rosemary
grows in Italy like you wouldn't believe
like on side of road the rosemary stalks
are super thick and they were super long
that my grandma my and my mom when we
would have them on hand they would use
the stalk as the actual piece that you
know as your actual skewer for your
kabobs so that you've got that flavor as
it's amazing unfortunately this little
rinky dinky thing isn't gonna work for
me but if you've got some really sort of
sturdy and pieces of rosemary do that
it's fantastic
I'm gonna take these and I'm just going
to give everything a really good chop
all together that looks really really
good I'm going to grill these indoor
today well because it's not very good
weather and therefore it would look
really dark and cloudy if we were
outside but if you are doing this
outside it's fantastic
now bring this closer to me a little bit
of orange sex not a whole lot because
remember we're trying to get a familiar
taste from the mayor lemon so a little
bit of orange a lot of lemon it really
kind of you're making your own
concoction the Italian mayor lemons are
unbelievable and I just get so angry
that my supermarket doesn't carry them I
mean come on all right that's good
enough and I want to put too much and
then I'm just going to squeeze a little
bit of lemon juice and orange juice
probably half of an orange and half of a
lemon that's good gonna get a little
morphine
all right let's salt and pepper this
really well
you like my know what I've done is I've
taken my pepper mill grinder whatever
it's called that I've just changed the
setting so my black pepper a bit more
coarse and I've been really digging it
and then even though I could do that but
apparently you learn something new every
day just take a little bit of olive oil
not too much just a couple tablespoons
will do the trick
for some reasons like coming out super
slow
and just a small amount of honey that is
it what was that like a teaspoon and a
half that will make a difference just
trust me on this and then give
everything a really good stir and then
I'm going to cover this and pop it in
the fridge for a half hour so maybe a
little bit more and a honey also really
helps thicken the juices like those the
lemon juice and the orange juice and
therefore really coats to chicken well
which it's all the good thing stir it
really well cover this with plastic wrap
and in the fridge it goes and then it
will be time to grow these up I check in
with in the fridge for about 45 minutes
you want to make sure you don't want to
go too long otherwise the lemon juice is
actually going to start cooking the
chicken it'll break it down the acids
gonna break it down you don't want that
so 45 minutes it'll do the trick I took
it out of the fridge about five minutes
ago because I don't want to put
something super you know super cold
chicken on a hot grill pan it's gonna
seize up and become really tough now
what I have here is some red onion it's
cut but same size as the chicken now red
onion is something else my mother always
always always has on her kebabs or
kebabs or spiedini or brochettes however
you call them she sometimes also like to
add zucchini and peppers but since I'm
making a roasted vegetable and spaghetti
with dinner up to go along with this I'm
not going to add them here but you can
absolutely for my skewers I always like
to use like the middle ones two reasons
one I always have them on hand because I
wash them from the back of my drawer too
when you're cooking kebabs and you cook
them on a metal skewer the heat is
actually going to hit the metal and it's
going to cook the chicken from the
inside out so it's actually doing two
things it's helping you coat the chicken
faster and more evenly and it's also you
know you clean it it's friendly it's
good to go though there you go now you
can do this in whatever particular where
you want I always start with a couple
pieces of onion and I'll go all the way
I leave about two inches here then you
take a couple pieces of chicken and as
you can see they're all about the same
size and depending on how many pieces of
chicken you put on your skewer you're
going to get more or less kebabs so for
that and then some more onion
and then just a couple more pieces of
chicken and then finish it with finish
it off with the onion that's how I do it
anyway you have to do it that way but
it's just what works really well for me
and that's how I've always done it so if
it ain't broke don't fix it I got all my
chicken here skewered up I got about six
out of my mixture which is about right
usually get about six out of them if
again if I was putting less chicken on
you'd get probably eight then this is a
skewer and then pack it as much of
ticket on it anyways I've got my grill
pan preheating I have it about medium
heat I don't want to put it too high
because it'll develop too much color
before the chicken gets a chance to cook
so meaning he usually works works
perfect for me until just a little tiny
bit of olive oil on it just so that
nothing kind of sticks and develops
color then I'm just going to take each
one and get on there all right I'm going
to let these cook for about two to three
minutes on all four sizes I'm going to
just turn them from each side and until
they're all evenly colored and it's
cooked all the way through I'll show you
what they look like when they're done
just make sure you keep an eye on the
heat you want to be medium you don't
want these to ha actually just turn mine
down a little bit so it's in between
medium and medium-low it's in under
those colors but you just want to make
sure that it all goes kept cooked really
well
so let's go and I'll show you what they
look like when they're done my kabobs
were on the grill for about three
minutes on all four sides and so it's
total will take about 12 minutes for the
whole batch if you have to make sure you
get your heat on the perfect setting
mine is medium it's got gorgeous color
did not burn mmm I'm trying that honey
definitely does add a little something
to the coating the lemon rosemary the
garlic they're absolutely delicious make
sure you let them cool a bit before you
handle them because the metal skewers
will be SuperDuper hot we're gonna do
the same recipe we've seen pieces of
pork using seafood obviously the time
the cooking time will vary I have
enjoyed spending time with
guys head on over to our educational
Commons at this recipe clam lamer works
really well as well in this recipe I
have enjoy spending time with me ask the
next time bye bye